I set up a GitHub spot to be able to work on code.  https://github.com/PaulChoin/Choin_Family
Also, I created a project board so we know what needs to be done and can keep track of who is working on what and when https://github.com/PaulChoin/Choin_Family/projects/2

I'm not too familiar with how github works, but I'm looking forward to using this project to get the hang of it.  I think the base is that we should be able to Pull code from the repository, work on it as a Branch, and then Commit back to Master.  This will keep track of what changes are made and enable us to go back if needed.

-Paul

On Wed, Dec 16, 2020 at 7:12 PM <lchoin@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Paul,
 
Here are some of the notes that I took down while we where talking the other day about making some Bots. Lets keep the conversation going, this sounds like it will be a fun project. What RFID unit should I get to start playing around with this. Also, do you know the part numbers of the Adafruit Feather wing and shield you are using?
 
I am sending you a picture of the bot I picked up at the Goodwill Store, got it working and even found the manual online for it. It can move, record sound, come back to home and play a track?
 
Please add your thoughts below and return, or maybe we can use the GitHub account to start this going?
 
Dad
 
 
RFID, I haven't used this yet but I will put it at the top of my next project/ experiment list to learn how.
 
Interchangeable Base / Power Units
 
Customizable Upper Bot Assemblies,  
 
Paul has code already written.
 
Paul using Adafruit Feather Wing and Feather Wing Shield, (what part numbers?)
 
 
Ninja puppy dog ears - that rotate or wave.  (offset pin on drive horn)
 
Laser Cannon, IR beam could trip sensor - down side IR bounces off everything, wouldn't even need to point at target without using some kind of narrow beam, like a Laser?? Safety with the Kids.
 
I found some laser tag guns at a garage sale, going to open them up and see if we could miniaturize to use on bots.
 
Also found a pretty neat bot that can be on-board programmed. And it has a calibration routine as well. Could build something using this platform. It is using tank tracks to drive.
 
Water Cannon that could trip sensor after filling a cup (out door use)
Pappa would need a much larger Water Cannon than kids.
Adafruit Water pump (3V DC motor) + clear PVC tubing
 
I have found that the TT Motor Bi-Metal Gearbox 1:90 Gear Ratio at Adafruit work well for drive motors. The 1:48 ratio lacked power.
 
I have some continuous rotation servos to play around with to use as drive motors. Easy to add wheels or tracks. Also might be easier to calibrate with software?
 
If we are going to ram and rumble there should be some kind of current limiter at power source to keep from over loading and heating when a pile up occurs. A fuse, circuit breaker, time delay fuse, something.
 
MP3 triggers to create sound tracks, 3.3v
 
Drone Bot, to use as a target.  I have found to increase the accuracy of the drone you need to power 8.4 or above and regulate to 6 volts for the drive and run the Arduinos at 3.3v
